Conference Attendee Policy

The Desktop Summit is dedicated to providing an enjoyable conference experience for everyone. We, as a community, value and respect all people—regardless of gender, orientation, race, ability, shape, size or preferred desktop environment—and will not tolerate vilification, abuse or harassment in any form. We appreciate that cultural differences may cause misunderstandings, so we will try to clarify these and smooth misunderstandings as they arise. But we also expect people to avoid playing dumb, and to make an effort to ensure a pleasant conference experience for everyone.

Conference participants behaving in ways that run counter to these principles risk being denied entrance or expelled from the conference at the discretion of the conference organizers. Conference Speakers should be especially aware of these concerns.

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, unauthorized or inappropriate photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the conference. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the conference team immediately. The conference team can be identified by their red team t-shirts.

The conference team will be happy to help participants contact venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance.

The organization team can be reached

in person at the registration desk
by phone at +49 (0)160 9870 7297
by email at ds-team@desktopsummit.org
Additional phone numbers in case of an emergency:

law enforcement: 110
emergency/medical: 112
taxi company: +49 (0)30 210 101
We expect participants to follow these guidelines at all conference venues and conference-related social events.

We are dedicated to organizing a fun and productive conference for all attendees, and believe that this policy will help achieve that goal. We ask for the cooperation of all attendees in achieving our goal.

Thank you!
