Code of Conduct

At O'Reilly, we assume that most people are intelligent and well-intended, and we're not inclined to tell people what to do. However, we've recently come to see that sometimes it's necessary to spell out the behavior we support and don't support at conferences. The core of our approach is this: we will do whatever we believe is necessary to ensure that an O'Reilly conference is a safe and productive environment for everyone.

Following is the slightly modified text of a blog post Tim O'Reilly wrote in July 2011, around the time of OSCON. This text is our functional code of conduct for all O'Reilly conferences.

We've been contacted recently about issues of sexual harassment at technical conferences. At O'Reilly we take those issues very seriously. We acknowledge that this is a real, long-standing issue in the technical community. Let us be clear: we don't condone harassment or offensive behavior, at our conferences or anywhere. It's counter to our company values. More importantly, it's counter to our values as human beings.

We're voicing our strong, unequivocal support of appropriate behavior by all participants at technical events, including all O'Reilly conferences. We invite you to help us make each O'Reilly conference a place that is welcoming and respectful to all participants, so everyone can focus on the conference itself, and the great networking and community richness that can happen when we get together in person.

One issue that has come up at some technical conferences is sexual or racist comments or images in slides. This is not appropriate. Speakers and exhibitors should use good judgment; if we hear complaints and we think they are warranted, you may not be invited back.

Even more alarmingly, we've heard accounts of female attendees having to put up with stalking, offensive comments, and unwanted sexual advances. We'd like to borrow a line from the Flickr Community Guidelines, which use the term Creepiness as follows: "You know the guy. Don't be that guy." If we hear that you are "that guy" (regardless of your gender), we will investigate and take any action we feel is appropriate, including asking you to leave.

Please bring any concerns to the immediate attention of the event staff, or contact our VP of Conferences, Gina Blaber at gina@oreilly.com. We thank our attendees for their help in keeping the event welcoming, respectful, and friendly to all participants.
