PGCon is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form.

Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks. Conference participants violating this policy may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organizers.

Harassment includes sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, unwelcome sexual attention, and offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance.

We expect participants to comply with this policy at all conference venues and conference-related social events.

Contacts

Email address for organizers: info@pgcon.org
University of Ottawa Protection Services: 613-562-5499
Ottawa Police:
911 - life-threatening emergency or crime in progress
613-230-6211 - other emergencies
613- 236-1222 - ext. 5822 - Victim Crisis Unit
The Sexual Assault Support Centre of Ottawa (SASC): (613) 234-2266
City of Ottawa help lines
Medical Clinics in the Ottawa Area
Ottawa BlueLine Taxi: 613-238-1111
