The Ubuntu project is committed to holding an Ubuntu Developer Summit (UDS) that reflects the diversity of its community and provides a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of ethnicity, religion, disability, physical appearance or gender. It’s important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. We expect members of the Ubuntu community to be respectful when dealing with other UDS attendees.

Harassment of UDS participants will not be tolerated in any form. Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to ethnicity, religion, disability, physical appearance or gender, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant or exhibitor engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, ranging from a simple warning the offender to expulsion from the conference. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately. Conference staff can be identified by their t-shirts.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance.

Contact Information:

marianna.raffaele@canonical.com
Venue Email: sales@cariberoyale.com
Local law enforcement
Emergency: 911
Non-emergency: 407-836-4357 (Orange County Sheriff’s Office)
Local sexual assault hot line –
Emergency: 911
Non-emergency: 407-497-6701 (Victim Service Center of Orange County – 24hrs / 7 days)
Local emergency and non-emergency medical –
Emergency: 911
Non-emergency: 407-465-1110 (Buena Vista Urgent Care Clinic – located right across the street from hotel)
Local taxi company –
Yellow Cab Company: 407-422-2222
Cool Transportation: 407-486-8000

We expect participants to follow these rules at all conference venues and conference-related social events.

UDS is a safe and welcoming environment. See our Anti-Harassment Policy
